we do this in secret because carlac is
too busy trying to throw away this great
gift we've been granted he thinks we've
been cursed
but we've been blessed how can something
that gives this kind of prowess be a
curse so we take matters into our own
hands to reach the heights of the
Companions you must join with us in the
shared blood of the wolf are you
prepared to join your spirit with the
beasts world friend that is your choice
we will not force you but to join the
circle your blood must be as ours meet
us here when you're ready very well
come on are you awake I was starting to
think you might never come back
yours was not an easy transformation but
you're still alive
so congratulations we even have a
celebration planned for you there's a
pack of werewolves hunters camped nearby
at gallows Rock the Silver Hand I think
you've met them before we're going to
slaughter them all of them lead on
skewers already scouting ahead
you
look at this
cowards must have locked the place down
after ski or charged in you can taste
there's a dead one isn't it
thought so nobody we know but to smell
some can't separate the animal from
themselves go feral this poor sod could
have been anyone we should keep moving
and this